h1. Welcome to Storehouse

Welcome to Storehouse. Storehouse is an open-source chemical regent tracking system for use by organisations that need to keep track of (usually) bottles of chemicals entering or being disposed of from their organisation.

It is a very simple system to use and maintain.

h2. Current status

Storehouse is currently live and in production at Experimental Therepuetics Centre - A*STAR. 

h2. Features

* LDAP integration for user authentication
* Configurable suppliers, locations, sub-locations and substances
* Simple to use forms for bottle data entry and searching
* When a user selects a location then only sub-locations linked to that location are available (via AJAX)
* New sub-locations can be created on the fly while using the Receive stock form to receive a bottle
* Multiple bottles of the same substance can be created simultaneously by filling out the form once and creating _n-bottles_ using the same information (i.e. using the _Quantity_ field)
* Deleted bottles are not truly deleted but retired and have a recorded retired date
* Substance dynamic substance lookup field 

h2. Required gems

# net-ldap (for ldap authentication integration)
# will_paginate (for various result lists)
# sqlite3-ruby (if using SQLite for a DB )

h2. Setup

# Create your database
# Edit the config/database.yml file
# Run migration(s) with rake db:migrate
# Standard users don't need to be listed in the user's table as they will authorised via LDAP
# Add the role named "admin" to the roles table
# Admin users must appear in the user's table
# At least one of your users must be an admin so that the admin area can be accessed and reference data updated
# Edit the user model method: auth_against_source, and set the appropriate details for your LDAP server.  If you have any questions about how to configure net-ldap see the gem documentation at "net-ldap":http://net-ldap.rubyforge.org/Net/LDAP.html
# Fire up your mongrel(s) or mod_rails

